LVC-RAG Application Restructuring (#3386)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: metro-ai-suite/live-video-analysis/live-video-captioning-rag/docs/user-guide/quick-start-guide.md

# Quick Start: Live Video Captioning RAG

Get the application up and running in a few simple steps.

Live Video Captioning RAG works with Live Video Captioning to generate live captions from a video stream, store caption context in a vector database, and let you ask natural-language questions about what happened in the video.

> **Note:**
>
> 1. Setup and first run time depends on network speed because Docker images and models are downloaded.

> > 2. If you do not have a camera stream, configure a simulated RTSP stream by following [these instructions](../../../live-video-captioning/docs/user-guide/get-started/simulated-rtsp-stream-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. If you do not have a camera stream, configure a simulated RTSP stream by following [these instructions](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-suites/live-video-captioning/get-started/simulated-rtsp-stream-guide.html).
```
Same as the other comments.

Author: Thanks. Done update.
